with his 75 horses 6,800 cubic centimeters the general gilles pelisson the
sets new standards for the sporty maxi-scooter segment
the Tamil tigers if max
the category
nothing is less sure especially as the famous bassist
for this year
you participated
Halff
firstly his duel at the top the design and design
the two behemoths
mitarai to date
designed with motors
6 he also names
most sprinters
the templates are pretty close with very similar dimensions the team axis
however stands out by volumes a little more imposing while the gp800
seems a little more fluid and especially narrower
this finesse does not necessarily play in favor of Italian
since its slender front end protects me these mounted parts alone
goal and max wider and especially endowed with an imposing by ear
if can not match the gamma the gilera catches up with its windshield
height adjustable
be careful, however, to engines that are struggling a little at high speed
On the finishing side, mac tea is highlighted thanks to its concern for
permanent detail
a little less gp800 is still a beautiful as in
testifies its double tailpipe or are pretty fires
back to leds
overall the practical details are a little more numerous on yamaha who
benefit for example pocket quote
on its side the gpu seems to have no additional storage but we
know all the same accor must study well with a key that command
remote opening
in one case as in the other the capacity is quite limited since
only houses a small, full-face helmet
once in the saddle the atmosphere is quite sporty the vest report poses by
example openwork handlebar aluminum instrumentation is quite complete and
the display can be controlled directly in viral video
on its side the action theme and a block counters rimmed with chrome everything
as complete it's not worth much to get around
the first rounds of the wheels general gilles pelisson catches up however his
delay thanks to its fabulous engine block
more powerful of all diets but also more responsive at startup
it also allows you to take the lead in terms of performance
for example we record a top speed of 186 km hour and
against only
163 for the team
the Italian also takes to the hip at the 200 meters standing start
with more than one second
so far the kid has benefited from a formidable new century part
more precise and more efficient and durable better than theirs
it offers a dynamic behavior of a rare effectiveness
far from the new gp12 shaped a little outdated on
especially as subsidies a little
but that does not hold
anyway we now have the choice of weapons
General
certainly a little less powerful
this is unacceptable
we say that the general does not respond with a much more powerful engine
to each his priorities